[stomping]
[whoosh]
[intro music playing]
♪ When you're hungry, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's sunny today, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ When it rains, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ You and I go, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, Gau, Gau! ♪
NEVER GIVE UP
[Naoko sighs] How can I tell my mom
that I got an F on my math test?
[startles]
Hey! Watch where you're going.
That really hurt.
I might've broken something.
Are you okay, Boss?
You clumsy goof. Look what you did!
Pay me for my suffering!
This day's gone from bad to worse!
[roars] Gau! Gau!
[screaming]
Ribbit, ribbit, ribbit,
ribbit, ribbit, hmm?
[Dad] Ribbit?
Oh, hi, Mr. Watanabe.
-How do you like my gym?
-[Dad] Your gym?
I'm the one who taught Rocky how to box.
Why don't you join, too?
No, boxing isn't really--
Come on, just check it out for a bit.
-Jab jab.
-Straight. Now, upper cut.
How about it?
Join now, and I'll waive the sign-up fee.
[grunting]
Oh, Mr. Watanabe. You're joining, too?
No, I haven't decided yet.
It's a great way to relieve stress.
Who cares about work? I'm the boss now!
There's a boxercise class, too.
It's easy if you think of it
like aerobics.
See, even a comet and a baby can do it.
One, two, one, two.
Babu, babu, babu, babu, babu, babu...
If you join now, I'll throw in
a glove autographed by Rocky.
ROCKY
See? It's a rare item.
Join us, Mr. Watanabe.
Uh...
[Mom] What? Boxing?
Mr. Handa was so persistent,
I couldn't say no.
It could be good for your health.
-But don't overdo it.
-Okay.
[thinking] Dad, boxing?
That's pretty cool.
HANDA BOXING GYM
A week later...
[weakly] Ribbit, ribbit, ribbit...
[wails]
Seriously, he's not built for this.
-[laughter on TV]
-[woman on TV] Are you crazy?
-[man on TV] We're done.
-[laughing]
Oh, by the way, I have something to say.
[both] Huh?
Boxing might not be for me.
I'm thinking of quitting.
-That's fine. You don't have to do it.
-Ribbit, ribbit.
Oh, you're quitting.
Then I guess I have something to say, too.
-Huh?
-I got an F on my math test last week.
An F?
I told you you should study harder
since you're not good at math.
You never put any effort into it.
[grunts] But Dad just said he can't box!
-You can't do what you can't do!
-[Dad whimpers]
[roars]
[suspenseful music playing]
[moans]
The next day...
Oh, hi, Mr. Watanabe.
I was just telling everyone
we have a practice match coming up.
A practice match?
Yes. I was hoping Mr. Mole
would participate, but...
Sparring's not my cup of tea.
-[Mr. Handa] Babu Lisa, how about you?
-[Babu Lisa] Seriously?
I'll do it!
[all] What?
Mr. Watanabe...
-No way!
-Impossible.
I want to show
that I never give up, no matter what!
[gulps]
One-fourth divided by one-third...
[moans] I'm just no good at math.
-[Dad] Naoko.
-Hmm?
I've decided not to quit boxing.
-Huh?
-I have a match in a week.
I'd like you to come watch.
A match?
-[inspirational music playing]
-[effort gruntns]
[panting]
Ribbit-drian!
HANDA BOXING GYM
One week later...
And now for the practice match!
In the blue corner, Mr. Watanabe!
-Good luck, honey!
-Go, Dad!
You can do it, Mr. Watanabe!
Just pretend you're Rocky!
In the red corner, Noppo the Bully!
I'll knock you out in the first round!
That's right! Go get him!
[announcer] And the referee is Big Sam!
Fight!
[dings]
[grunts]
Straight. Hook.
Frog leap,
punch!
-[groans]
-[crowd cheering]
-Wow!
-Yes!
One! Two!
-Three! Four!
-You can't lose! Get up!
-Five! Six!
-Darn it!
Fight!
Frog leap, punch!
[grunts]
Dad!
How dare you... [roars]
Gau, Gau!
-No, don't!
-It's a boxing match!
[announcer] Three! Four!
-Five! Six!
-Come on, Dad!
Seven...
Fight!
[panting]
[roaring]
[yelling]
Ribbit, ribbit! [grunts]
-[bell dings]
-[announcer] That's it for round one!
Saved by the bell.
[moans]
Dad...
ROUND 2
ROUND 3
ROUND 4
ROUND 5
ROUND 6
ROUND 7
ROUND 8
ROUND 9
ROUND 11
ROUND 12
[panting]
Time to end this!
[wails] Ribbit!
[melancholy music playing]
-[moans]
-Dad.
[laughs mockingly] You're finished.
[grunts] Not yet.
[weakly] Ribbit.
[grunts]
Your dad said he wanted to show
that he never gives up, no matter what.
Dad...
Fight!
[growls]
-[punching]
-[moaning]
[wailing]
[yells out]
This can't go on!
[bell dings]
[announcer] The winner is Noppo the Bully!
[crowd cheering]
I told you you shouldn't do this.
Naoko, I'm sorry I lost.
No, Dad, you were so cool.
You inspired me
to never give up learning math.
What is one-fourth divided by one-third?
Huh?
I just don't know! Gau, Gau!
-[yelling]
-[roaring] Gau, Gau, Gau, Gau!
♪ Gau, Gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, Gau, Gau ♪